"I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates" - Steve Jobs
"Innovation is the only way to win" - Steve Jobs
"Management is about persuading people to do things they do not want to do, while leadership is about inspiring people to do things they never thought they could" - Steve Jobs
"Everything is based on a simple rule: Quality is the best business plan, period" - Steve Jobs
"My favorite things in life don’t cost any money. It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time" - Steve Jobs
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life" - Steve Jobs
"Life is about creating and living experiences that are worth sharing" - Steve Jobs
"The real art is knowing what to leave out, not what to put in" - Steve Jobs
"Do not try to do everything. Do one thing well" - Steve Jobs
"You have to trust in something–your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever" - Steve Jobs
"The day I was born songs were on records, phones were tied down, computers needed rooms and the web was fiction. Change the world. You can" - Steve Jobs
"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works" - Steve Jobs
"Simple can be harder than complex. You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple" - Steve Jobs
"Details matter, it’s worth waiting to get it right" - Steve Jobs
"Details matter, it’s worth waiting to get it right" - Steve Jobs
"Don’t just live a life; build one" - Steve Jobs
"The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work" - Steve Jobs
"If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking" - Steve Jobs
"You can’t win on innovation unless you have a way to communicate it to customers" - Steve Jobs
"We’ve got to make the small things unforgettable" - Steve Jobs
"Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it’s really how it works" - Steve Jobs
"Let’s go invent tomorrow" - Steve Jobs
"To go forward you have to leave something behind" - Steve Jobs
"If you live each day as it was your last, someday you’ll most certainly be right" - Steve Jobs
"Everybody in this country should learn how to program a computer, because it teaches you how to think" - Steve Jobs
"It takes a lot of hard work to make something simple" - Steve Jobs
"I sat in a garage and invented the future" - Steve Jobs
"You have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future" - Steve Jobs
"None of us are as creative as all of us" - Steve Jobs
"Without passion, any rational person would give up!" - Steve Jobs
"It’s really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them" - Steve Jobs
"Stay hungry, stay foolish" - Steve Jobs
"Creativity comes from spontaneous meetings, from random discussions" - Steve Jobs
"Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become" - Steve Jobs
"If you define the problem correctly, you almost have the solution" - Steve Jobs
"The best innovation is sometimes the company, the way you organize the company" - Steve Jobs
"Focusing is about saying No" - Steve Jobs
"The most precious resource we have is time" - Steve Jobs
"Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat" - Steve Jobs
"Believe things will work out" - Steve Jobs